## IPN

Select language: EN | [DE](./README_DE.md)

### Abstract

Communication on the Internet is a multidimensional task. The Internet is made up of the protocols used (IPv4, IPv6, ICMP, IPSEC, DNS). The Internet Protocol, or in short the IP Protocol, is the basis of communication on the Internet. Anonymous networks such as Tor or the i2p network are part of the Internet and create the opportunity for anonymous exchange of information. Strictly speaking, the Tor and the i2p network are two independent and competing networks, both of which are based on the IP protocol and focus on the anonymity of their users, even if the approach of both networks is different, it is theirs Aim for the same anonymity of the user. Due to the anonymous design of the two networks (Tor, i2p), you have to reckon with losses in speed and bandwidth. Again, due to their public key as an address functionality, both networks offer a super simple way of making a server available on the Internet without necessarily having to resort to DynDNS, hosted servers or other central solutions. The goal of the IPN is to create a new censorship-resistant open source overlay network, which can be based on the IP protocol, the Tor protocol or the i2p protocol. The user should have the choice to decide for himself which protocol he wants to use as the basis for the communications, the rest of the P2P communication takes place within the IPN network. This network property should make it possible to host a server in Tor or i2p and make this combination available in the ClearWeb using IPN, with IPFS there may be decentralized bridges, these bridges would be able to make HiddenServices available in the ClearWeb without the user needing Tor or I2P on their device. This and the other property that the IPN is programmed in JavaScript, theoretically allows any app, any website to establish a secure yet anonymous and private connection to the dark web.
